Release Candidate: 0.9.1-rc1 (#517)
bottlerocket-os/twoliter: CHANGELOG.md

[unreleased]: https://github.com/bottlerocket-os/twoliter/compare/v0.8.1...HEAD

## [0.9.0-rc1] - 2025-04-16

### Added
* Add `external-kmod-development` image feature to control when to build kmod kits ([#512])

> * Add `VENDOR_NAME` to rpm2img to set os release field to Bottlerocket ([#514])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Set `VENDOR_NAME` in `/etc/os-release` of built variants to "Bottlerocket" ([#514])
```

## Fixed

> * Fix issue between dnf5 and dnf4 where the bottlerocket- prefix is not removed in application-inventory.json ([#515])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fix an issue where the `bottlerocket-` prefix is not removed from package names in `application-inventory.json` when the SDK uses dnf5 ([#515])
```

> 

Reviewer 2: I'd add "updated dependencies" with a link to this PR
